[#171549246] Add function to create a new user (#30)
pagopa/io-functions-admin: README.md

| SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_CLIENT_ID            | The service principal name used to get the token credentials to connect to the APIM                | string  |
| SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_SECRET               | The service principal secret used to get the token credentials to connect to the APIM              | string  |
| SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_TENANT_ID            | The service principal tenant id used to get the token credentials to connect to the APIM           | string  |

> | ADB2C_CLIENT_ID                        | The service principal name used to get the token credentials to connect to the ADB2C               | string  |

Reviewer: these are parameters relative to an application registered into the ADB2C tenant

> | ADB2C_CLIENT_ID                        | The service principal name used to get the token credentials to connect to the ADB2C               | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ADB2C_CLIENT_ID                        | The application client id used to get the token credentials to connect to the ADB2C               | string  |
```

> | ADB2C_CLIENT_KEY                       | The service principal secret used to get the token credentials to connect to the ADB2C             | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ADB2C_CLIENT_KEY                       | The application secret used to get the token credentials to connect to the ADB2C             | string  |
```

> | ADB2C_TENANT_ID                        | The service principal tenant id used to get the token credentials to connect to the ADB2C          | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ADB2C_TENANT_ID                        | The ADB2C tenant id                                      | string  |
```
